example filetask (#364)
TAMULib/fw-registry: examples/README.md

```
  "wd": "fw-registry/examples",
```

## example file-task

### Example FileTask Workflow

This workflows creates a file in a specified path.

```shell
fw config set exampleFilePath ***
fw config set exampleFileName ***
```

These variables are required when triggering the workflow:

| Variable Name    | Allowed Values | Short Description |
| ---------------- | -------------- | ----------------- |

> | exampleFilePath  | directory path | The directory on the system where the CSV file will be stored on the server and contain the `tenantPath` (exclude trailing slash after the directory).  |
> | exampleFileName  | file name      | The file path within the specified directory path representing the CSV file to process (do not prefix with a starting slash). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| exampleFilePath  | directory path | The full directory path on the system where the CSV file will be stored on the server (exclude trailing slash after the directory).  |
| exampleFileName  | file name      | The name of the file within the specified directory path representing the CSV file to process (do not prefix with a starting slash). |
```

> | logLevel         | [INFO,DEBUG]   | Desired log level |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| logLevel         | [INFO,DEBUG]   | Desired log level. |
```

To build and activate:
```shell
fw build example-filetask
fw activate example-filetask
```

To manually execute via:
```shell
fw run example-filetask
```

Trigger the workflow using an **HTTP** request such as with **Curl**:

```shell

> curl --location --request POST 'https://folio-edge-dev.library.tamu.edu/mod-workflow/events/workflow/example-filetask/start' \
>   --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
>   --header 'X-Okapi-Tenant: tamu' \
>   --data-raw '{ "logLevel": "INFO", "exampleFilePath": "/mnt/workflows/tamu", "exampleFileName": "testFile" }'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
curl --location --request POST 'http://localhost:9001/mod-workflow/events/workflow/example-filetask/start' \
  --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  --header 'X-Okapi-Tenant: diku' \
  --data-raw '{ "logLevel": "INFO" }'
```
